Rhino python API (#914)
Picovoice/rhino: binding/python/README.md

        "${OUTPUT_PATH}",                            # Path to save the newly trained model
        "${LANGUAGE}",                               # Two-character language code
        "${CONTEXT_PATH}",                           # Path to Rhino's context (.rhn) file
        {"${SLOT_NAME}": {"${SLOT1}", "${SLOT2}"}},  # Dynamic slot key-value pairs to merge into the YAML's `context.slots` section.
        "${PLATFORM}"                                # Optional platform for the trained model. If None, the default(current) platform is used.
```

(or)

```python
train_context_from_yaml(
        "${ACCESS_KEY}",                             # AccessKey obtained from Picovoice Console (https://console.picovoice.ai/)
        "${OUTPUT_PATH}",                            # Path to save the newly trained model
        "${LANGUAGE}",                               # Two-character language code
        "${YAML_PATH}",                              # Path to YAML configuration file
        "${PLATFORM}"                                # Optional platform for the trained model. If None, the default(current) platform is used.
```

> `train_with_context` is better suited if you would like the add additional slot values to your current Rhino model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`train_context_from_dynamic_slots` is better suited if you would like the add additional slot values to your current Rhino model.
```
